rename configuration parameters to use the new blocksync nomenclature (#6896)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

### Config Changes

* The configuration variable `fast-sync` and flag `--fast-sync` have been renamed to `enable-block-sync` and `--enable-block-sync`
  and the field configuration field `[fastsync]` has been renamed to `[blocksync]`.

> * `blocksync.version = "v1"` and `blocksync.version = "v2"` (previously `fastsync`) are no longer supported. Please use `v0` instead.

Reviewer: Not specific to your change, but is it not a little weird that we are advocating what looks like a version-stamp _downgrade_ here? I assume this isn't a typo, but should we explain further?

Author: This is a great question, I don't have context on why this change was made, I wonder if perhaps @cmwaters may?

Author: cc: @marbar3778

Reviewer 2: the pkg was rewritten 2 times, they were named v1 and v2. They were written by the informal team, but soon after completion they started working on tm-rs. We knew v1 would be removed and the goal was to migrate to v2, but issues arose and the team thought the overhead of understanding v2 was too great. A large reason for this is that the new versions didnt add much benefit over v0.

Author: I've added some language here that may capture the intention behind removing, please take a look if this seems correct.

Reviewer 2: looks good!! thanks for adding it.

### Config Changes

* The configuration file field `[fastsync]` has been renamed to `[blocksync]`.

* The top level configuration file field `fast-sync` has moved under the new `[blocksync]`
  field as `blocksync.enable`.

* `blocksync.version = "v1"` and `blocksync.version = "v2"` (previously `fastsync`)
  are no longer supported. Please use `v0` instead. During the v0.35 release cycle, `v0` was

>   determined to suit the existing needs and the cost of made maintaining the new modules,
>   `v1` and `v2`, was determined greater than necessary.

Reviewer: There seems to be an extra word here:

```suggestion
  determined to suit the existing needs and the cost of maintaining the `v1` and `v2`
  modules was determined to be greater than necessary.
```

  $ tendermint gen_node_key > $TMHOME/config/node_key.json
  ```

> * The `--fast-sync` flag has been renamed to `--enable-block-sync`.

Reviewer: Is this subsumed by the above? (Repeating it is fine if it's on purpose)

Author: Removed this reference to it!
